Update acl && aws docs && fixed http demo error. (#1316)
emqx/nanomq: docs/en_US/access-control/introduction.md

In NanoMQ, authentication is configured using a structure similar to the one below:

```bash
auth {
  allow_anonymous = true
  no_match = allow
  deny_action = ignore
  cache {
    max_size = 1024
    duration = 1m
  }
  password = {include "/etc/nanomq_pwd.conf"}
  acl = {include "/etc/nanomq_acl.conf"}
}
```

where, 

- `allow_anonymous` data type is `boolean`, with a default value of `true`, which allows anonymous login.
- `no_match` determines the default action for a request if none of the configured authenticators found any authentication rules
- `deny_action` determines what to do if a request was rejected according to the authorization checks
-  `cache` is an optional value with caching settings.

> Optional value with caching settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional value with caching settings:
```

> - `cache.max_size` — optional integer value, default is 32. Specifies the maximum number of elements in the cache. Older records are evicted from the cache when the specified number is exceeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cache.max_size`: an optional integer value, default is 32. Specifies the maximum number of elements in the cache. When this limit is exceeded, the oldest records will be removed from the cache.
```

> - `cache.ttl` — optional duration value, default is `1m`. Specifies how long cached values are kept in the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cache.ttl`: an optional duration value, default is `1m`. Specifies how long cached values are kept in the cache.
```
